
  Help

  AC : Clears the calculator.
  + : Addition operator.
    Ex. 4+4=8
    
  - : Subtraction operator.
    Ex. 8-3=5
    
  x : Multiplication operator.
    Ex. 8*2=16
    
  ÷ : Division operator
    Ex. 8÷2=4
    
  . : Button that adds a . to numbers to indicate decimal values.
    Ex. 2.5
    
  ( ) : Button to add parentheses to your expression to indicate order of operations. 

  % : Button that invokes the modulo operation
    Ex. 3%2=1
    
  = : Press when you have completed your expression to show the answer. 
    Ex. (4+4)/2 will yield 4 after this button is pressed.
    
  neg : Press this button when you would like to indicate a negative value.

  √ : Use this button to calculate the square root of a number.
    Ex. √4=2
    
  ∛ : Use this button to calculate the cubed root of a number.
    Ex. ∛8=2
    
  exponent : To calculate exponents, input your base as the first number followed by a comma and then your power as the second number.
    Ex. To calculate 2 raised to the 4th power, input the following: exponent(2, 4)
    
  , : Allows you to add a comma to your expression.

  abs val : To calculate the absolute value of a number, press this button and input your number.
    Ex. absolute(-8) = 8
    
  sin : To calculate the sine of a number, press this button and input your number in radians.
    Ex. sin(30)
    
  cos : To calculate the cosine of a number, press this button and input your number in radians.
    Ex. cos(30)
    
  tan : To calculate the tangent of a number, press this button and input your number in radians.
    Ex. tan(30)
    
  π pi : Use this button to invoke the number pi and add it to your current expression. 

  log : Use this button to calculate the logarithm of a number with a specified base.
    Ex. log(base, a)

    ! : Use this button to calculate the factorial of a number.
    Ex. factorial(3) = 1*2*3 = 6
    
  list : Use this button to invoke the calculator's list analysis capability. Press list then choose your first number then press list add. 

  list add : After invoking list, press a number then press this button to confirm the number being added to the list.

  After you have confirmed your list:

  mean : Press this button to calculate the average of your list.
  median : Press this button to calculate the median of your list.
  mode : Press this button to calculate the mode of your list.
  min : Press this button to calculate the smallest element of your list.
  max : Press this button to calculate the largest element of your list.

  percentage : Use this button to calculate what percentage a number is of another number.
    Ex. percentage(a, b) --> Checks what percentage a is of b.
    
  to binary : To convert a number from decimal to binary, press this button and input your number.
  to octal : To convert a number from decimal to octal, press this button and input your number.
  to hex : To convert a number from decimal to hexadecimal press this button and input your number.

  is prime :   To determine whether or not this number is prime, press this button and input your number.
    Ex. is_prime(7) --> returns true or false on the screen

  Generate Odds : Use this button to generate all odd numbers within a specified range. 
    Ex. odds(6,9) will yield a result of [7,9]
  Generate Evens : Use this button to generate all even numbers within a specified range. 
    Ex. evens(6,9) will yield a result of [6,8]
  Generate Primes : Use this button to generate all prime numbers within a specified range.
    Ex. primes(6,9) will yield a result of [7]
  Generate Squares : Use this button to generate all squares within a specified range. 
    Ex. sqaures(0,4) will yield a result of [4]
  Generate Fibonacci : Use this button to generate all fibonacci numbers within a specified range. 
    Ex. fibonacci(0,4) will yield a result of [1,1,2]

  F to C : Use this button to convert a number in Fahrenheit to Celsius.
  
