"! : Use this button to calculate the factorial of a number.
    Ex. factorial(3) = 1*2*3 = 6
    
  list : Use this button to invoke the calculator's list analysis capability. Press list then choose your first number then press list add. 

  list add : After invoking list, press a number then press this button to confirm the number being added to the list.

  After you have confirmed your list:

  mean : Press this button to calculate the average of your list.
  median : Press this button to calculate the median of your list.
  mode : Press this button to calculate the mode of your list.
  min : Press this button to calculate the smallest element of your list.
  max : Press this button to calculate the largest element of your list.

  percentage : Use this button to calculate what percentage a number is of another number.
    Ex. percentage(a, b) --> Checks what percentage a is of b.
    
  to binary : To convert a number from decimal to binary, press this button and input your number.
  to octal : To convert a number from decimal to octal, press this button and input your number.
  to hex : To convert a number from decimal to hexadecimal press this button and input your number.

  is prime :   To determine whether or not this number is prime, press this button and input your number.
    Ex. is_prime(7) --> returns true or false on the screen

  Generate Odds : Use this button to generate all odd numbers within a specified range. 
    Ex. odds(6,9) will yield a result of [7,9]
  Generate Evens : Use this button to generate all even numbers within a specified range. 
    Ex. evens(6,9) will yield a result of [6,8]
  Generate Primes : Use this button to generate all prime numbers within a specified range.
    Ex. primes(6,9) will yield a result of [7]
  Generate Squares : Use this button to generate all squares within a specified range. 
    Ex. sqaures(0,4) will yield a result of [4]
  Generate Fibonacci : Use this button to generate all fibonacci numbers within a specified range. 
    Ex. fibonacci(0,4) will yield a result of [1,1,2]

  F to C : Use this button to convert a number in Fahrenheit to Celsius."